mozcloud-job/application/README.md, before:

# mozcloud-job

![Version: 0.5.12](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.5.12-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart that creates Kubernetes jobs and cron jobs.

## Usage

The chart is distributed as an [OCI artifact](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/registries/) on [Google Artifact Registry](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/helm).

* OCI registry: `oci://us-west1-docker.pkg.dev/moz-fx-platform-artifacts/mozcloud-charts`

To use this chart, include it as a [dependency](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/dependencies/) in your tenant chart, e.g.:

```yaml
apiVersion: v2
name: my-mozcloud-tenant-chart
version: 0.1.0
type: application
dependencies:
  - name: mozcloud-job
    version: ~0.5.12
    repository: oci://us-west1-docker.pkg.dev/moz-fx-platform-artifacts/mozcloud-charts
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Make sure to set a valid version for your dependencies. Helm supports pinning exact versions as well as version ranges, see [chart best practices - dependencies - versions](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/dependencies/#versions) for more details.

Next, update your tenant's values. Shared charts are meant to be self-documented. We ship a verbose [values file](values.yaml) as well as a [JSON schema](values.schema.json).

> [!TIP]
> We're building OCI artifacts automatically with [GHA](/.github/workflows/auto-push-tag-helm-charts.yaml). When a new artifact has been built, we add a matching [tag](https://github.com/mozilla/helm-charts/tags) to this repo as well. Use this to find out about available chart versions and/or to browse the chart's code for a specific version.

## Requirements

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| file://../library | mozcloud-job-lib | 0.5.11 |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| common.container | object | `{}` |  |
| common.cronJob | object | `{}` |  |
| common.job | object | `{}` |  |
| cronJobs | object | `{}` |  |
| enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| jobs | object | `{}` |  |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.14.2](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.14.2)

Commit message:

chore: deprecate mozcloud-job, automate library chart readmes (#166)
* chore: deprecate mozcloud-job, automate library chart readmes

* chore(mozcloud-workload): fix mozcloud-job-lib dependency

mozcloud-job/application/README.md, after:

# mozcloud-job

> [!CAUTION]
> **This chart is deprecated.** Please use the mozcloud chart located [here](../../mozcloud/application).

![Version: 0.6.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.6.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart that creates Kubernetes jobs and cron jobs.

## Usage

The chart is distributed as an [OCI artifact](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/registries/) on [Google Artifact Registry](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/helm).

* OCI registry: `oci://us-west1-docker.pkg.dev/moz-fx-platform-artifacts/mozcloud-charts`

To use this chart, include it as a [dependency](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/dependencies/) in your tenant chart, e.g.:

```yaml
apiVersion: v2
name: my-mozcloud-tenant-chart
version: 0.1.0
type: application
dependencies:
  - name: mozcloud-job
    version: ~0.6.0
    repository: oci://us-west1-docker.pkg.dev/moz-fx-platform-artifacts/mozcloud-charts
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Make sure to set a valid version for your dependencies. Helm supports pinning exact versions as well as version ranges, see [chart best practices - dependencies - versions](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/dependencies/#versions) for more details.

Next, update your tenant's values. Shared charts are meant to be self-documented. We ship a verbose [values file](values.yaml) as well as a [JSON schema](values.schema.json).

> [!TIP]
> We're building OCI artifacts automatically with [GHA](/.github/workflows/auto-push-tag-helm-charts.yaml). When a new artifact has been built, we add a matching [tag](https://github.com/mozilla/helm-charts/tags) to this repo as well. Use this to find out about available chart versions and/or to browse the chart's code for a specific version.

## Requirements

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| file://../library | mozcloud-job-lib | 0.6.0 |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| common.container | object | `{}` |  |
| common.cronJob | object | `{}` |  |
| common.job | object | `{}` |  |
| cronJobs | object | `{}` |  |
| enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| jobs | object | `{}` |  |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.14.2](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.14.2)
