mozcloud-job/library/README.md, before:

# mozcloud-job-lib

This chart provides templates to build Kubernetes Jobs and CronJobs.

## Usage

The chart is distributed as an [OCI artifact](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/registries/) on [Google Artifact Registry](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/helm).

* OCI registry: `oci://us-west1-docker.pkg.dev/moz-fx-platform-artifacts/mozcloud-charts`

To use this chart, include it as a [dependency](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/dependencies/) in your tenant chart, e.g.:

```yaml
apiVersion: v2
name: my-mozcloud-tenant-chart
version: 0.1.0
type: application
dependencies:
  - name: mozcloud-job-lib
    version: ~0.4.3
    repository: oci://us-west1-docker.pkg.dev/moz-fx-platform-artifacts/mozcloud-charts
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Make sure to set a valid version for your dependencies. Helm supports pinning exact versions as well as version ranges — see [chart best practices - dependencies - versions](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/dependencies/#versions) for more details.

That’s it — subchart templates can now be included in your own chart.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> MozCloud library charts usually provide templates for a matching application chart, e.g. [mozcloud-job-lib](https://github.com/mozilla/helm-charts/tree/main/mozcloud-job/library) is meant to include supporting templates for [mozcloud-job](https://github.com/mozilla/helm-charts/tree/main/mozcloud-job/application). Because of that, templates in library charts often expect the same contexts as their application counterparts.
> Should unexpected templating errors occur, make sure to have a look at the application chart's `README.md`, `values.yaml` and `values.schema.json` files as well (if an application chart matching the library chart in use exists).

> [!TIP]
> We build OCI artifacts automatically with [GHA](/.github/workflows/auto-push-tag-helm-charts.yaml). When a new artifact has been built, we add a matching [tag](https://github.com/mozilla/helm-charts/tags) to this repo as well. Use this to find out about available chart versions and/or browse the chart's code for a specific version.

Commit message:

chore: deprecate mozcloud-job, automate library chart readmes (#166)
* chore: deprecate mozcloud-job, automate library chart readmes

* chore(mozcloud-workload): fix mozcloud-job-lib dependency

mozcloud-job/library/README.md, after:

# mozcloud-job-lib

> [!CAUTION]
> **This chart is deprecated.** Please use the mozcloud chart located [here](../../mozcloud/application).

![Version: 0.6.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.6.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: library](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-library-informational?style=flat-square)

A library chart that creates Job and CronJob resources

## Usage

The chart is distributed as an [OCI artifact](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/registries/) on [Google Artifact Registry](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/helm).

* OCI registry: `oci://us-west1-docker.pkg.dev/moz-fx-platform-artifacts/mozcloud-charts`

To use this chart, include it as a [dependency](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/dependencies/) in your tenant chart, e.g.:

```yaml
apiVersion: v2
name: my-mozcloud-tenant-chart
version: 0.1.0
type: application
dependencies:
  - name: mozcloud-job-lib
    version: ~0.6.0
    repository: oci://us-west1-docker.pkg.dev/moz-fx-platform-artifacts/mozcloud-charts
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Make sure to set a valid version for your dependencies. Helm supports pinning exact versions as well as version ranges, see [chart best practices - dependencies - versions](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/dependencies/#versions) for more details.

Library chart templates can be included using the following format:
```
{{ include "template-name" . }}
```

If params other than the current context, specify those in place of the `.`:
```
{{ include "template-name" $myDict }}
```

> [!TIP]
> We're building OCI artifacts automatically with [GHA](/.github/workflows/auto-push-tag-helm-charts.yaml). When a new artifact has been built, we add a matching [tag](https://github.com/mozilla/helm-charts/tags) to this repo as well. Use this to find out about available chart versions and/or to browse the chart's code for a specific version.

## Requirements

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| file://../../mozcloud-labels/library | mozcloud-labels-lib | 0.3.15 |
| file://../../mozcloud-workload-core/library | mozcloud-workload-core-lib | 0.6.21 |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.14.2](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.14.2)
